
Transcript. Use arrow keys to navigate between transcript entries. Select an entry to navigate the media to the time of the entry.


Search

AI-generated content may be incorrect

Brandon Vanek started transcription

Brandon Vanek
0 minutes 7 seconds0:07
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 7 seconds
And actually...
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 9 seconds
kind of want this on the other screen. So we'll give it one second.
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 15 seconds
There you go.
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 17 seconds
And we'll try that again.
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 26 seconds
Javier, what's up?
JM

Javier Martinez
0 minutes 28 seconds0:28
Javier Martinez 0 minutes 28 seconds
Is this going to be a 10 or 12 week cohort? We were told 10.

Brandon Vanek
0 minutes 32 seconds0:32
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 32 seconds
It's going to be a 10-week call.
JM

Javier Martinez
0 minutes 34 seconds0:34
Javier Martinez 0 minutes 34 seconds
Okay.

Brandon Vanek
0 minutes 35 seconds0:35
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 35 seconds
Yeah, that's correct.
Brandon Vanek 0 minutes 39 seconds
Yeah, like I said, welcome. Hope you guys are doing well. I'm looking forward to being with you guys for the next 10 weeks to go over everything Agentic AI's cohort is going to be very interesting, especially if you haven't done Agentic AI before. But even so, I will just say all the tools that we're using, the content itself, Agentic AI is absolutely cutting edge stuff. You know, there's really not
Brandon Vanek 1 minute 3 seconds
a lot of people in the industry that have this experience. There's a lot of apprehension to AI, and people that are early adopters have been gaining wide success with this kind of stuff. So really excited for you guys to get tooled and be able to work with all this stuff, because I can tell you actually from personal experience and making Agentic AI services and enterprise patterns.
Brandon Vanek 1 minute 26 seconds
It's really fun. So looking forward to being able to pass that knowledge off to you guys. Talking a little bit about training here so far. I'm going to go through a couple of different sections. Some of you might have seen something similar to this already. Bear with me. But we'll start off with a little bit of trainer introduction, which is me.
Brandon Vanek 1 minute 45 seconds
go through Canvas, how that works. We'll probably get you set up with Canvas Accounts once we get your SkillStorm emails provisioned, and that'll happen at some point today. So don't worry if you don't have access to that already. We'll go through the course schedule and the overview, how assignments work, quality odds, mock interviews, et cetera. Basically just giving you what I'm looking for
Brandon Vanek 2 minutes 4 seconds
with regard to those different assignments to set you up for success. And you'll have this video to refer back to, you know, for preparing for those assignments.
Brandon Vanek 2 minutes 17 seconds
So, hello, my name is Brandon Vanek. As I mentioned before, I'm A principal architect here at SkillStorm. I've been working here for about four years. I think it's not quite four years, but we're coming up on it. I have, I think, what, 11 certifications, 12 certifications, something like that, in Java, AWS, Power Platform. I even got an expert certification in Power Platform.
Brandon Vanek 2 minutes 38 seconds
Microsoft Azure. I have obviously experience creating Agentic AI applications. We created, me along with Patrick Walsh have created the Agentic AI recruiter that you guys might have talked to during your process of recruitment.
Brandon Vanek 2 minutes 56 seconds
Did anybody talk to Matt during their recruitment process?
Brandon Vanek 3 minutes 1 second
Anyone, anyone at all?
Brandon Vanek 3 minutes 3 seconds
might be more likely for them.
RJ
Regan Johnson
3 minutes 4 seconds3:04
Regan Johnson 3 minutes 4 seconds
I think.
ET
Edward Tavarez
3 minutes 4 seconds3:04
Edward Tavarez 3 minutes 4 seconds
I have, yes.
CE

Charles Eaton
29 minutes 36 seconds29:36
Charles Eaton 29 minutes 36 seconds
Yeah, so I guess like on our first interview or when we first do this, you know, we jump into a call with you and you're there, we, you know, say hi, and then when that recording hits, it's almost as if we never met you for the first time and you're our, you know, interviewer and we need to take that air of speaking to someone that, you know, we may have not known.
Charles Eaton 29 minutes 57 seconds
For about a week now.
Charles Eaton 30 minutes
Would you agree?

Brandon Vanek
30 minutes30:00
Brandon Vanek 30 minutes
And we're going to get very close after a week. So it'll be very difficult to do that. I'm joking, obviously, but thank you for the question, Charles. Now, that's a great point because, you know, there can be some confusion over that. So I'm glad that you mentioned it. In general, I'm going to give you a call literally directly.
Brandon Vanek 30 minutes 21 seconds
You'll just get a call from me on Monday. Obviously, we'll have a list and I'll be like, here's the order. You'll in general know when you're going to have your interview, but I'll give you a call on Teams and you're going to come in that call as if we have never met.
Brandon Vanek 30 minutes 36 seconds
So, hey, good afternoon, Brandon. How are you doing today? Or at least I'll say, like, I'll introduce myself. I'll be like, hey, Chris, how you doing today? And Chris will be like, hey, Brandon, you know, I'm doing great. Super happy to be here. I hope you're having a great day. All right. Introduce yourself as if, you know, you're meeting someone for the first time. So
Brandon Vanek 30 minutes 56 seconds
polite, professional, et cetera, and then we'll go into the interview. So something I'd probably not be looking for is, hey, what up?
Brandon Vanek 31 minutes 10 seconds
Gentlemen, not going to reflect well.
Brandon Vanek 31 minutes 14 seconds
Right. If you went in the client or, you know, if you walked up to your client, someone that we have like a business relationship with, and you're like, hey, what up? They're going to be like.
Brandon Vanek 31 minutes 25 seconds
What?
Brandon Vanek 31 minutes 27 seconds
What? Like, who do you think you are kind of thing? So just always err on the side of, oh, this is a good piece of advice for your career as well. I tend to err on the side of professionalism until someone else opens the air, especially if that person is in a more significant position.
Brandon Vanek 31 minutes 46 seconds
than you. So like say, you know, you're working with a CEO or you're working with just like a senior manager or something like that. Err on the side of professionalism and politeness. If they open up, feel free to open up a little bit.
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 1 second
But, but you know, test the air first, right? So be professional for, always stand on the professional leg first before you do anything else. It just tends to go over a lot better.
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 15 seconds
It reflects better on you as a as a employee, I guess you could say.
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 21 seconds
Partner.
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 23 seconds
Any other questions on mock interviews? Robert.
RE

Robert Evans
32 minutes 27 seconds32:27
Robert Evans 32 minutes 27 seconds
Yes, so for both the interviews and the presentations, we have to dress up.

Brandon Vanek
32 minutes 33 seconds32:33
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 33 seconds
Yes, yeah, yeah, good question, good question. Yeah, so for...
RE

Robert Evans
32 minutes 35 seconds32:35
Robert Evans 32 minutes 35 seconds
Go.

Brandon Vanek
32 minutes 39 seconds32:39
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 39 seconds
Not for exams, but for quality audits, mock interviews, and projects. All three of those, I will be expecting you guys to be dressed business professional.
Brandon Vanek 32 minutes 51 seconds
For everyday lecture when we're in the room, you know, even when you guys are, when we're not in lecture and you guys are working on, you know, studying or working on particular applications or labs or anything like that, business casual. So polo shirt, you know, something comfortable, but not too comfortable, obviously. Don't wear a t-shirt or...
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 9 seconds
you know, a tank top or something like that, business casual. But for those three evaluations, projects, mock interviews, and quality audits, business professional.
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 22 seconds
I'll try to remind you, but don't count on me.
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 26 seconds
Because it's your responsibility to remember. Charles.
CE

Charles Eaton
33 minutes 30 seconds33:30
Charles Eaton 33 minutes 30 seconds
Yeah, I don't think you mentioned or I don't remember if we did, but for the projects, there's just going to be presentations. That's why you're saying we need to dress up, correct? And we'll have to be presenting our projects. Yeah.

Brandon Vanek
33 minutes 37 seconds33:37
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 37 seconds
Yeah.
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 39 seconds
Yeah.
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 42 seconds
So yeah, you don't have to dress up while you're building your project. You don't have to dress up in business professional every single day. Be a little counterintuitive. Just for the project presentations three times during the entire course.
Brandon Vanek 33 minutes 58 seconds
So in reality, you'll be in business professional a couple times a week.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 3 seconds
Usually twice, sometimes three.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 8 seconds
Um...
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 10 seconds
But, uh, but most of the time, you know, it's not a big deal. It's a couple times, you know.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 16 seconds
I don't know, some people like suits more or less. I don't mind it that much.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 24 seconds
Any other questions?
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 33 seconds
No, no, no, Brandon, how are you doing today? No questions?
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 41 seconds
Okay.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 44 seconds
Yeah, that's the last one. All right.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 47 seconds
Yeah.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 49 seconds
So.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 51 seconds
We've been going on for...
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 54 seconds
Little while.
Brandon Vanek 34 minutes 58 seconds
Get Reagan back in the room here.
RJ

Regan Johnson
35 minutes 7 seconds35:07
Regan Johnson 35 minutes 7 seconds
Chad.

Brandon Vanek stopped transcription